Fix DocIssues: Form - Item Options (#1746)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: includes/form-item-options.md

> When you modify an item, the Form also refreshes all other items in its group. If an item is not in a group, the whole Form is refreshed. To update only the items of your choice, wrap them into a separate group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you modify an item, the Form also refreshes all other items in its group. If an item is not in a group, the whole Form is refreshed. To update only your chosen items, wrap them into a separate group.
```
